# X-101

**Role:** Characters

| M | T | Sv | W | Ld | OC |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| 6" | 3 | 4+ | 3 | 8+ | 0 |

**Invulnerable Save:** -

**Default Wargear:**
**This model is equipped with:** grav-gun; hydraulic claw.

**Ranged Weapons**
| Name | Range | A | BS | S | AP | D | Keywords |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| Grav-gun | 18 | 2 | 3 | 5 | -1 | 2 | anti-vehicle 4+ |

**Melee Weapons**
| Name | Range | A | WS | S | AP | D | Keywords |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| Hydraulic claw | Melee | 2 | 4 | 8 | -2 | 3 | — |

**Abilities:**
- **Doctrina Imperatives** (Faction): At the start of the battle round, you can select one of the Doctrina Imperatives below. Until the end of the battle round, that Doctrina Imperative is active for your army, and all units from your army that have the Doctrina Imperatives ability gain the relevant abilities shown below.Protector Imperative

- Ranged weapons equipped by models in this unit have the [HEAVY] ability.
- Improve the Ballistic Skill characteristic of ranged weapons equipped by models in this unit by 1.
- Each time a melee attack targets this unit, if this unit has the BATTLELINE keyword and/or it is within 6" of one or more friendly ADEPTUS MECHANICUS BATTLELINE units, subtract 1 from the Hit roll.

Conqueror Imperative

- Ranged weapons equipped by models in this unit have the [ASSAULT] ability.
- Improve the Weapon Skill characteristic of melee weapons equipped by models in this unit by 1.
- Each time a model in this unit makes an attack, if this unit has the BATTLELINE keyword and/or it is within 6" of one or more friendly ADEPTUS MECHANICUS BATTLELINE units, improve the Armour Penetration characteristic of that attack by 1.
- **Mindlock** (Datasheet): While a Tech-Priest model is leading this model’s unit, improve the Ballistic Skill and Weapon Skill characteristics of this model’s weapons by 1.
- **Bound Creation** (Datasheet): While a Tech-Priest model is leading this model’s unit, that TECH-PRIEST model has the Feel No Pain 5+ ability.
- **SERVITOR BODYGUARD** (Special (правая колонка)): At the start of the Declare Battle Formations step, this model can join one other unit from your army that is being led by a Tech-Priest Infantry model. If it does, until the end of the battle, this model counts as being part of that Bodyguard unit, and that Bodyguard unit’s Starting Strength is increased accordingly.

**Keywords:** X-101, Cult Mechanicus, Character, Imperium, Infantry, Epic Hero
**Faction Keywords:** Adeptus Mechanicus

**Unit Composition:**
- 1 X-101 – EPIC HERO

**Wargear Options:**
- None

**Points:**
- 1 model: 40pts
