# Secutarii Hoplites

**Role:** Other

*Secutarii Hoplites are defensive troops able to endure the most hazardous battlefields thanks to the crackling energy barriers generated by their interlocking Kyropatris field generators. The power of these surgically implanted devices is channelled and amplified by the Hoplites’ unique shields, which allow them to withstand phenomenal amounts of enemy firepower while striking back with their potent arc lances.*

| M | T | Sv | W | Ld | OC |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| 6" | 3 | 5+ | 1 | 7+ | 1 |

**Invulnerable Save:** 4

**Default Wargear:**
**Every model is equipped with:** arc lance.

**Ranged Weapons**
| Name | Range | A | BS | S | AP | D | Keywords |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| Arc lance | 12 | 1 | 4 | 5 | -1 | 1 | anti-vehicle 4+, devastating wounds |
| Archeotech pistol | 12 | 1 | 4 | 6 | -1 | 1 | devastating wounds, pistol |

**Melee Weapons**
| Name | Range | A | WS | S | AP | D | Keywords |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| Alpha close combat weapon | Melee | 3 | 4 | 5 | -1 | 1 | — |
| Arc lance | Melee | 2 | 4 | 5 | -1 | 1 | anti-vehicle 4+, devastating wounds, lance |

**Abilities:**
- **Doctrina Imperatives** (Faction): At the start of the battle round, you can select one of the Doctrina Imperatives below. Until the end of the battle round, that Doctrina Imperative is active for your army, and all units from your army that have the Doctrina Imperatives ability gain the relevant abilities shown below.Protector Imperative

- Ranged weapons equipped by models in this unit have the [HEAVY] ability.
- Improve the Ballistic Skill characteristic of ranged weapons equipped by models in this unit by 1.
- Each time a melee attack targets this unit, if this unit has the BATTLELINE keyword and/or it is within 6" of one or more friendly ADEPTUS MECHANICUS BATTLELINE units, subtract 1 from the Hit roll.

Conqueror Imperative

- Ranged weapons equipped by models in this unit have the [ASSAULT] ability.
- Improve the Weapon Skill characteristic of melee weapons equipped by models in this unit by 1.
- Each time a model in this unit makes an attack, if this unit has the BATTLELINE keyword and/or it is within 6" of one or more friendly ADEPTUS MECHANICUS BATTLELINE units, improve the Armour Penetration characteristic of that attack by 1.
- **Enhanced data-tether** (Wargear): Each time you select the bearer’s unit as the target of a Stratagem, roll one D6: on a 5+, you gain 1CP
- **Omnispex** (Wargear): Ranged weapons equipped by models in the bearer’s unit have the [IGNORES COVER] ability.
- **Titan Guard** (Datasheet): You can target this unit with the Heroic Intervention Stratagem for 0CP, and can do so even if you have already targeted a different unit with that Stratagem this phase. When doing so, if there are one or more friendly ADEPTUS TITANICUS units on the battlefield, you can re-roll the subsequent charge roll.
- **SECUTARII** (Special (правая колонка)): If a model from your army with the Leader ability can be attached to a Skitarii Vanguard unit, it can be attached to this unit instead.

**Keywords:** Secutarii Hoplites, Skitarii, Imperium, Infantry
**Faction Keywords:** Adeptus Mechanicus

**Unit Composition:**
- 1 Hoplite Alpha
- 4-9 Secutarii Hoplites

**Wargear Options:**
- The Hoplite Alpha’s arc lance can be replaced with 1 Archeotech pistol.
- The Hoplite Alpha can be equipped with 1 Alpha close combat weapon.
- 1 Secutarii Hoplite can be equipped with one of the following:- 1 enhanced data-tether
- 1 omnispex

**Points:**
- 5 models: 65pts
- 10 models: 130pts
